How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

	It will only show diff by using FC or diff tool with line number. 

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

	We can see different decesion we took to change the file

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Manual
		Pros
			1. We can save one final changed version instead of all work in between
		Cons
			We can loose any half saved work
			

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git : is made for developer where they can change and submit a change of multiple files
	Google Docs : save each and every file at each second. so 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    may be git log and git diff

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    you can revert back	

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    To save this file work
	
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	We can go back and reflect on how the files change over years
	
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
     
	git log 
	git diff current last (last is below in the logs)
	git checkout : it will take the files to earlier version. 
	
How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
    It will help us experimenting things. 
	
on windows you have program called FC. Can be runned from commandline:	FC file-old.js file-new.js	

q |    exit git log!
git log  |    List the commits and show which files have changed
git log --stat  |    Show addition information about the commits
git diff id1 id2  |    Compare two commits
git clone  |    Create a local copy/clone from the repository
git config --global color.ui auto |    get colored diff output
git checkout  |    Shows a previous version of the file. This is not a checkout to edit like in SVN or TFS!
	